Update README.md (#1291)
Lightning-AI/litgpt: README.md

  <a href="#finetune-an-llm">Finetune, pretrain LLMs</a> •
  <a href="#choose-from-20-llms">Models</a> •
  <a href="#state-of-the-art-features">Features</a> •
  <a href="#training-recipes">Training recipes (YAML)</a>
</p>

</div>

&nbsp;

## Finetune, pretrain and deploy AI models Lightning fast ⚡⚡

> LitGPT is a command-line tool to use, pretrain, finetune and deploy LLMs. It is config based with highly-optimized recipes for training the world's largest, most powerful open-source LLMs.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LitGPT is a command-line tool to use, pretrain, finetune and deploy LLMs. It is based on configs with highly-optimized recipes for training the world's largest, most powerful open-source LLMs.     
```

---

# Get started

> LitGPT is CLI and config based. Select the model and the action you want to take on that model (finetune, pretrain, deploy, etc...):    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LitGPT is CLI and config-based. Select the model and the action you want to take on that model (finetune, pretrain, deploy, evaluate etc...):    
```

Reviewer 2: Not particularly important, but maybe `(pretrain, finetune, evaluate, deploy, etc...)`?
Better reflects development process.

Reviewer: Sure, happy to update the ordering from `deploy, evaluate` to `evaluate, deploy`. Haha, in reality it's probably more like `pretrain, fintune, evaluate, deploy, evaluate, finetune, evaluate, deploy ...`

Reviewer 2: In reality it might never make it to `deploy` stage.

Author: @Andrei-Aksionov if you can't deploy models with litGPT then this isn't useful to enterprises... litGPT is more than just a research tool ;)

Reviewer 2: @williamFalcon It wasn't about LitGPT, more like "Vietnam flashbacks" from one of the projects from my previous job.
